docs: document how envoy escape hatches work with the discovery chain (#6350)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/connect/proxies/envoy.md

L7 or any other tcp-based protocol at L4. Prior to Consul 1.5.0 Envoy proxies
could only proxy tcp at L4.

> As an interim solution, you can add [custom Envoy configuration](#advanced-configuration)

Reviewer: "interim solution" is a bit confusing now as we've removed the statement about the current state not supporting L7. Maybe just remove this line and rely on the part below?

Author: I actually meant to remove this but did not. Fixed.

- `protocol` - Same as above in main config but affects the listener setup for
  the upstream.

    -> **Note:** The protocol of a service should ideally be configured via the
    [`protocol`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-defaults.html#protocol)
    field of a
    [`service-defaults`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-defaults.html)

>     config entry for the upstream destination service. Configuring it in a

Reviewer 2: Is there an example of when someone would want to configure protocol here instead?

Author: This (and the other example you called out below) is a backwards compatibility issue mostly.

Reviewer 2: Sweet. Let's call that out so we don't leave people wondering?

Author: Fixed.

    proxy upstream config will not fully enable some [L7
    features](/docs/connect/l7-traffic-management.html).

- `connect_timeout_ms` - The number of milliseconds to allow when making upstream
  connections before timing out. Defaults to 5000
  (5 seconds).

    -> **Note:** The connection timeout for a service should ideally be
    configured via the
    [`connect_timeout`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-resolver.html#connecttimeout)
    field of a
    [`service-resolver`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-resolver.html)

>     config entry for the upstream destination service. Configuring it in a

Reviewer 2: Is there an example of when someone would want to configure it here instead?

Author: Fixed.

    -> **Note:** The protocol of a service should ideally be configured via the
    [`protocol`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-defaults.html#protocol)
    field of a
    [`service-defaults`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-defaults.html)
    config entry for the upstream destination service. Configuring it in a
    proxy upstream config will not fully enable some [L7
    features](/docs/connect/l7-traffic-management.html).
    It is supported here for backwards compatibility with Consul versions prior to 1.6.0.

- `connect_timeout_ms` - The number of milliseconds to allow when making upstream
  connections before timing out. Defaults to 5000
  (5 seconds).

    -> **Note:** The connection timeout for a service should ideally be
    configured via the
    [`connect_timeout`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-resolver.html#connecttimeout)
    field of a
    [`service-resolver`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-resolver.html)
    config entry for the upstream destination service. Configuring it in a
    proxy upstream config will override any values defined in config entries.
    It is supported here for backwards compatibility with Consul versions prior to 1.6.0.

> ### Mesh Gateway Options <sup>(beta)</sup>

Reviewer 2: Is this `beta` removed in another PR?

Author: That's the last PR that is coming next: https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/issues/6349

definition](/docs/connect/registration/service-registration.html) or
[`sidecar_service`](/docs/connect/registration/sidecar-service.html) block.

~> **Note:** - When a
[`service-router`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-router.html),
[`service-splitter`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-splitter.html), or
[`service-resolver`](/docs/agent/config-entries/service-resolver.html) config

> entry exists for a service these escape hatches are ignored and will log a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
entry exists for a service the below escape hatches are ignored and will log a
```

Reviewer 2: This explanation looks good, but we might want to also mention that this will happen in the discovery chain documentation in case someone already relies on one of these hatches and wants to use the discovery chain too.

Author: I mentioned it in the same place that we mention incompatibilities with built-in and native proxies.
